Add link to LLM docs from PA Readme (#435)
triton-inference-server/client: src/c++/perf_analyzer/README.md

  [TorchServe](docs/benchmarking.md#benchmarking-torchserve) can be used as the
  inference server in addition to the default Triton server

> - [LLMs](docs/llm.md) can also be measured and charcterized with specific metrics
>   like token-to-token latency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [LLMs](docs/llm.md) can also be measured and characterized with specific metrics
  like first-token latency and token-to-token latency
```
